---
title: View program list
order: 2
---

## List of programs

The broadcast schedule list is provided to the partner, helping to manage right at the most optimal channel details, helping users easily cover all the information of the channel. So that viewers can preview the broadcast schedule, search by time, search by program name.
By default, the program list is displayed in the Events tab.

### Blank list

After creating a new channel, the channel has not been synchronized broadcast schedule, the channel has no data, displays an empty list with the line No data.
Instruct users with the line Please perform typing or enable synchronization to update information
We recommend that you can perform proactive synchronization or import programs from existing files.
After creating a new channel, the channel will not yet have a synchronous broadcast schedule and the list will appear empty with the message \*\*"No data available." \*\*

Users are instructed with the message \*\*"Please perform typing or enable synchronization to update information." \*\*

In case the channel has channel synchronization enabled. We encourage you to perform proactive synchronization, import programs from an existing file to optimize time.

- [Proactive synchronization] (./2.7-manual-sync.md)
- [Import program] (./2.5-import-epg.md)

Or create individual programs (2.1-create-epg.md).

### To view the program list

**Condition**: at least one program has been created.

The program list displays the basic information as follows:

! 

- ID: After a user creates a new program, a separate ID for the channel is generated for identification. Displays as a button that allows hovering to see the full ID content. Enter your mouse to copy the ID and display a success message.
- Name: The name of the program configured by the user.
- Description: More information about the broadcast schedule entered by the user. If the name is too long and exceeds 2 lines, display the tooltip with the full name when hovering.
- Start time: The time the program starts running. Hour format: minutes: seconds
- End time: The end time of running the program. The end time of the preceding program is the start time of the next program. Hour format: minutes: seconds
- Action:
  - [Hide/show program] (./2.4-display.md): When this button is clicked, the system marks the broadcast schedule hidden/visible on the timeline.
  - [Program Edit] (./2.3-edit-epg.md): When clicking this button, the system opens the program editing pop-up in the right corner of the screen.
  - [Remove program] (./2.8-delete-epg.md): When this button is clicked, a confirmation pop-up is displayed.

### View program information

Support users to view full information of each program right on the broadcast schedule by following these steps:

1. Click on the specific program on the broadcast schedule.
2. The system displays the Program Information pop-up, which allows to perform the following actions:

- [Create Event] (.. /3-event/1-create-event.md)
- [Hide/show program] (./2.4-display.md)
- [Program Edit] (./2.3-edit-epg.md)
- [Remove program] (./2.8-delete-epg.md)
