---
title: Import programs
order: 5
---

## Import programs

Case 1: There is already a broadcast schedule for the current date, however, some programs are incorrect. If you edit programs one by one, this process will take a long time to implement.

Case 2: The current date does not have a broadcast schedule, and the editor wants to shorten the operation compared to importing each program.

Therefore, the option to import the program from an Excel file is the effective method.

### Type when the program list is empty

When the channel is configured to sync but [empty program list](2.2-epg-list.md#list-empty) instead of actively syncing the broadcast schedule, the user can choose to import the broadcast schedule from an Excel file.

### Import the program on the event timeline.

Import the program on the event timeline.

**Step 1**: User clicks the **Enter program** button.

The system displays a program entry pop-up.

! 

### Contents

Perform program import according to the following requirements:

- Warning: displays the line "Note: The input only includes programs that took place on the date [the operation] was performed."

- Documents: Upload xls/xlsx files that are less than 10MB in size.

- Input method:
  - Default select:"Delete all broadcast schedules and import new calendar from excel"
  - Add a new broadcast schedule from excel to the current calendar.

- **Disable button confirm.**

**Step 2**: The user selects the file, displays the file icon, file name and X icon to change the file selection.

**Enable Button Confirm.**

**Step 3**: The user clicks the Confirm button to enter the program.

The system displays a notification pop-up at the top of the screen.

! 
_Message: Program import successful!_

At the same time, import the program in the selected method, display the new program, broadcast schedule and program list.

### The programs in the excel file coincide with the start time

For this case, the system allows program import and displays a successful program import message after executing the command.

For programs that coincide with the start time, the system will get the data of the last broadcast schedule.

For example, if there are programs with sequence numbers 3 and 10 that coincide with the start time, the system will pull data from the broadcast schedule with sequence number 10.

### Program import failed

Since Excel files come from external sources, to ensure compatibility, the following regulations should be observed:

1. Excel file is empty, no broadcast schedule
   To avoid empty program listings, we do not allow importing files that do not contain broadcast schedule data.

2. Invalid file format
   The system only supports Excel files of xls/xlsx format compatible with the file format when performing program export.

When the user clicks the confirm button, the system checks and detects that the file is empty or invalid, then sends an error message with the content: \*\*"The input data is blank or invalid." \*\*

At the same time, no data recording and remaining in the pop-up state enter the program and display the selected file.
