---
title: Proactive synchronization
order: 7
---

## Proactive synchronization

Users have the ability to automatically synchronize broadcast schedules in the absence of data, helping to maintain broadcast schedules to ensure always running on schedule and consistently from different sources.

There are two specific cases:

1. Channels are configured to sync but not auto-sync.
2. The channel is configured to sync automatically, but it hasn't reached the sync timeline yet.

Changes related to the display of the broadcast schedule for the day are selected to perform the operation.

### Proactively sync when the program list is empty

When the channel is configured to sync but [empty program list](2.2-epg-list.md#list-empty) instead of importing the broadcast schedule from an Excel file, users can actively synchronize the broadcast schedule.

### Proactive synchronization on the header

The channel has a synchronous configuration, the 'active sync' button is displayed by default in the header.

**Step 1**: User clicks the **Sync** button.

Pop-up display system Broadcast schedule synchronization:

! 

### Procedure

Perform the synchronization method selection:
\- Default selection: **All day**
\- From the moment of performing the operation.

**Step 2**: Users click the sync button to synchronize the broadcast schedule.

The system displays a notification pop-up at the top of the screen.

_Announcement: Broadcast schedule synchronization successful!_

After syncing, display the new program, broadcast schedule, and program list according to the selected method.

Also, change the last sync information.
