---
title: Edit
order: 4
---

# Edit a scheduling event

**Condition:** The event was created earlier.

For each scheduling type, multiple events are created, so only scheduling events are allowed to be edited in the Events Tab.

### Scheduling event editing rules

All events generated from the scheduled publishing type have the same scheduleID, with each individual event and a different status. Therefore, any changes in the scheduling list affect individual events, as described at [edit scheduling event rules](././2.4-edit#table-description-of edit-calendar-events)

**Step 1:** When moving your mouse on the **Edit** icon in the action column, display the line **Edit**.

**Step 2:** Click the **Edit** icon.

The system will open the Update Pop-up, edit the event in the right corner of the screen with the information previously entered.

- **Disable fields that do not allow editing:**

  - Event type
  - Multimedia content, except in cases where VOD and SCTE35/Live status are prepared for editing
  - Publication type
  - Scheduling type
  - Interval
- **Contents allowed for editing:**

  - Name
  - Describe
  - Exclude
  - Tag
  - Duration (End Date)
  - Scheduling details

* When the user taps Edit, the system checks that the start date has elapsed (**Start date < ngày hiện tại**)

→ **disable** Start date field editing function.

- When the user clicks Save\*\*\*, the system checks that all scheduled events are running out of the calendar (23:59:59 of the end date < ngày hiện tại) và chuyển trạng thái thành Hoàn thành

→ turn off all fields and the Save button.

**Step 3:** CMS users make edits to the appropriate information and then click **Save**.

The system saves the newly updated information, displays a successful update notification in the right corner of the screen and automatically closes for 5 seconds.

_Notification: Successful event scheduling update!_
