---
title: Livestream channel details
order: 3
---

## Channel details

In addition to the channel creation configurations, channel details display the output information generated by the system. Users view channel details in the following ways:

### Method 1: After creating a channel

After creating a new channel, the default display on the channel list page

### Method 2: Open from session list

In the session list, click the channel name

### Method 3: Open from the channel list

At the channel list interface, click the channel name

The system displays a detailed channel interface including information:

- User-configured information [configuration](1-create#step-1).
- The information generated by the system:
  - **Thumbnail**: thumbnail, always visible by default.
  - **Status**: channel status
  - **Session**: no session assigned → Show no data
  - **Stream ID**: channel identifier
  - **Stream token**: is a token to run, supports resetting new tokens
  - **Stream URL**: link URI, rtmp for users to push the stream live
  - **Livestream URL**:http link for users to watch the stream
    - Output format: 'DASH' → display link **.mpd**
    - Output format: 'HLS' → display extension link **.m3u8**
  - **Output Format**:Link DASH/HLS previously configured by the user. Different DASH/HLS tail links
  - **Status of selections**:
    - **Interaction**: turn on to perform interaction, can be understood simply as panel, overlay,…
    - **Catchup**: Supports startover feature- allows watching live streaming from the beginning, even after it has started. By clicking the Start button on the live streaming page to watch at the beginning.
    - **Record**: save mp4 file

## Redeem tokens

To maintain a higher level of security for their live streaming channel and minimize the risk of data loss or security breach, users can redeem tokens for their live streaming channel using the following instructions:

**Step 1**: Access the information field of the token stream and click the "Reset token" button.

**Step 2**: The system will display a pop-up warning with the following content:

\*"This action cannot be undone. Old tokens will not be used in the next session." \*

**Step 3**: Click the "Redeem Token" button to continue.

Return to the channel details page and the new token is displayed. Users cannot access the channel via 3rd parties with old tokens.
