---
title: API Overview
order: 1
---

The internal connection API, between App Server and Livestream Api performs the following tasks:

- Channel administration: (Add, delete, edit, list channels)
- Channel and system statistics (metadata, statistics)
- User configuration (resource limits for users)

## Api Version

| Version  | Status |
| -------- | ------ |
| v1.0-poc | Ready  |

## Connection method

Livestream API connected via HTTP protocol

Allowed HTTP methods:

- **POST**: Create new resources
- **PUT** / **PATCH**: update resources
- **GET**: Get a resource or resource list
- **DELETE**: Delete resources

## Description of results returned from the server

The result returned from the server is described as follows:

- HTTP status code:
  - 200 'OK' - The request succeeded (Some APIs may return an alternate 201 value).

  - 201 'CREATED' – Successful requests and resources created.

  - 204 'No Content' - Successful request but no return value performed (i.e. The return value is null).

  - 400 'Bad Request' - Incorrect request or missing data transfer.

  - 401 'Unauthorized' – Authentication failure.

  - 403 'Forbidden' – Access not authorized.

  - 404 'Not Found' – Resource does not exist.

  - 405 'Method Not Allowed' - Method The request is not accepted.

  - 422 'Wrong param'
- HTTP Response body
  - Content-Type: **application/json**
  - Body: **JSON** object

    - **ec**: Error code returned
      - 0: Success
    - **data**: The returned data corresponding to the request is described in detail in each API
    - **msg**: error message returned with ec#0

    Example

    ```json
    {
      "ec": 0,
      "data": {}
    }
    ```

## API Request Authentication

Api authentication method via HTTP basic authentication protocol

- **example**

```bash
curl http://example.com/api -X POST \
	-u ${LIVE_TOKEN_ID}:${LIVE_TOKEN_SECRET}
	-H "Content-Type: application/json"
	
```

## Resources

| Resource                                                                                                  | description                                                  |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Channel] (./2.api-server-channel) | A live stream is being broadcast or is about to be broadcast |

## Guide

Simple steps to be able to publish 1 live video stream

- **B1**: Create a live stream to receive **streamUrl** and **streamId**
- **B2**: provide **streamUrl** and **streamId** for the live streaming tool (live stream sdk, obs … )
- **B3**: Live streaming
