---
title: Get started with sigma Linear Right Management
order: 2
---

# Get started with an online signal management service

To use Linear Right Management, we recommend that before you start creating your funnel, you plan your workflow and plan your channel. In this planning process, you have the information that you need to create a funnel.

When you're done, you'll be able to create events and programs with the video content you want to edit.

This is a service configuration guide at the most basic level, excluding advanced configurations.

## How to access

### Prepare

Before you start, you need to prepare the following tasks:

- Have an account that accesses the management system of **Sigma Streaming Platform**\* 'https\://portal.sigmaott.com'
- The account has the right to access the authorized app and perform operations with the online wave management service.

### Step 1: Access the online wave management system

To use an online management service, you need an account and permission to access, view, and perform authorized actions.

1. Visit the 'https\://portal.sigmaott.com/app' link
2. Display the App List, **select the app** to access.
3. Display by default to the **App Overview.**
4. In the sidebar, select **product|manage live waves**.
5. Display the default page in the channel list.

## Step 2: Prepare source information

To implement an LRM channel, you need to first set up a Media live channel with the catchup stream function. Here's how to create a new channel with important outputs:

- **Catchup**: Supports third parties to access and retrieve content via HLS protocol.
- **Udp**: Provides third parties with the ability to repackage and convert into streams such as HLS, DASH that can be played over the internet.

Instructions for creating a live media channel are as follows:

1. Make sure users have access to Media live. Go to the menu bar and select **channel | Transcode channel**.

The system will redirect you to the transcode channel page.

2. Tap the '+ Add' button in the right corner of the screen.

You will be directed to the configuration window, following the detailed instructions here.

3. Configure your channel's goals by clicking on the '+' icon.

! 

- Display the output selection pop-up.

### Prepare Media Live channel with udp output

4. The output choice is 'udp'.

! 

- Then, name the goal:

! 
Name: 'catchup-flow'
Optional name: 'use-for-channel-LRM'

Show back to goal information page:

! 

- The name and alternate name are displayed according to the previous configuration.
- **Format**: 'udp' does not allow editing.

5. Profile selection:

Click the add button to select a profile.

! 

Display the profile data and enter the udp path.

For example, 'udp\://239.32.42.1:5000'

! 

### Prepare the Media Live channel cathup stream

The output choice is 'HLS'.
The user continues by entering a name for the output 'HLS'.

Display HLS configuration information, when catchup function is enabled, **profile options| Storage** will also be automatically enabled.

! 

After creation, the channel is crawled from [live media channel](../../sigma-media-live/05-user-guide/b-transcode-package-channel).

### Prepare VTV Source Channel Data

With the default VTV source data, users need more information to get the broadcast schedule list.

Example:

- Endpoint: 'https\://vtvapi1.vtv.vn/services/programschedules.ashx'
- Program code: '3'
- API Key: '111aaa7890zz'

## Step 3: Create a new LRM channel

To manage the wave and alternative content can perform its task, distributing content to viewers. You need to create 1 channel to contain it and control the live content or VOD to each customer. The channel signal input stream is ingest from Thudo JSC's system.
You choose with 1 pre-channel generated by the system, or prepare the source, program code, API key in case you want to use your own channel configuration.

### To create a new channel

To add a new channel, follow these steps in the channel list section:

1. Tap the '+ Add' button in the right corner of the screen.
2. A Create New Channel pop-up wind
